Lauren Kelly: Okay. Now, one second. I'm just, I'm putting my coffee and a mug and going to the other room so
Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Before we have privacy.
Lauren Kelly: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, don't worry.
Yes.
Lauren Kelly: Right, that's my fear. Right.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, we're not making the right like rubbish or not.
Lauren Kelly: Here we go.
Lauren Kelly: Private. Okay. Sorry about that. I had a really rough night of sleep. My
Lauren Kelly: So I told you about my dogs, one of my little one. I got when I was like 20 years old and I'm already now. So she's like my baby. And she's three years past her life expectancy, so I'm
Lauren Kelly: Have a lot of trouble with her like she's just waking up in the middle of the night, so I'm appalled. This event super early and I've always been a night owl. So it like I I tried to get on his schedule so
Lauren Kelly: We, I think we went to bed at like 930 last night. But then the dogs had a separate or had me up at 1130 and then again at 130
Lauren Kelly: And then at 330 my little ones woke up and just had like diarrhea all over the carpet all over the kitchen. So I was up from 330 till 5am literally just cleaning all that the whole entire time. So,
Lauren Kelly: I slept like crap. And I was like, I need to get some caffeine in my system. So I just ran to get coffee really quick and
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, so I was just getting back from. So let me just get us here. Oh, you know what, actually, I want to go grab my notepad to take notes when I talked to you. Can you give me five seconds to grab that. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, another. Let me just go around that superclass.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, sorry about that.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, so, um, yeah. So, so remember last week when we talked. I was having that like really bad stomach issue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Lauren Kelly: So it got worse after we talked to the next few days, but like, I'm always the type that's like I, you know, it's all in my hand. I'm fine. You know, it's not a big deal and
Lauren Kelly: I ended up. It got to the point where like Friday, I was in so much pain and I finally called and did with my insurance, like they have
Lauren Kelly: Covered right now until like June, where you can do those, like, you know, like on the phone, health, you know, doctors appointments like basically like that. It's kind of like this.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and so I finally did one of those. And I'm thinking, she's gonna make me feel better because I had Googled it and everything. I stopped because it was in like my right side said like appendicitis.
Lauren Kelly: And so I'm talking to her thinking. She's gonna say, Oh, no, it's not that. And she was like, No, it's legit. It's like, it's one of two things. It's either an ovarian cysts that's rupturing right now.
Lauren Kelly: Or it's appendicitis. And in the next 12 hours, you're going to be in the ER getting like surgery, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So Friday night was like scary because I'm like I was scared even go to bed because I'm like, am I going to wake up in a few hours and have to get rushed to the hospital.
Lauren Kelly: Luckily, it wasn't that. But I was in bed like all weekend, which is this like awful pain that like I couldn't move my stomach, which is hard and loaded. It was like
Lauren Kelly: Like like almost like a pregnant person. So it was just more, you know. And like I was just in so much pain over that. So,
Lauren Kelly: The weekend was kind of rough, but like just now I'm starting it like just basically yesterday was my first day of like feeling
Lauren Kelly: Kind of normal and today I'm feeling a little more normal, but I'm just a little tired from the night but that's why like my energy was so low. Last time we talked and everything, but
Lauren Kelly: I mean I'm 36 I've never felt this in my body before of what it was. So I'm just researching and everything I'm
Lauren Kelly: Like almost 100% sure it was like an ovarian cysts rupturing. And they kind of just take care of themselves, I guess, um,
Lauren Kelly: So that was so at least we kind of figured out what that was and everything and thank God I didn't have to go to the ER or anything, because that's the last place anybody wants to be right now, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. So yeah, so that was the big thing of last week. So that kind of took over a lot of my week so I was super bummed actually found this local group called
Lauren Kelly: Women for sobriety and it was in this higher end area called a render which is it's like
Lauren Kelly: A shack and renders like $3 million out here it's it's really close to San Francisco. It's where a lot of like the exact from San Francisco live
Lauren Kelly: With. So one of my problems with like na meetings is
Lauren Kelly: Like there was an NA meeting. I went to one time where there was this girl who is clearly like still math on that, like at the meeting.
Lauren Kelly: And she tried to fight a girl like physically fight a girl in the middle of the meeting.
Lauren Kelly: So it's like I kind of have a hard time connecting to like the, you know, there's a lot of like meth heads and crackers and not thinking like one addictions better than another, or anything like that.
Lauren Kelly: But I had a hard time connecting so I found this group of women for sobriety that it's not like instead of saying like, Hi, my name is Lauren, I'm an addict, they say.
Lauren Kelly: Hi, my name is Oren and I'm a confident and I'm a confident competent and confident woman, you know, so they like put like a positive spin on it, instead of like always associating yourself with the negative
Lauren Kelly: You know, yeah, like that. And so I was so excited, and there they just do one meeting Saturday mornings from like 930 to 11 so I've got and I connected with this lady got the zoom ID.
Lauren Kelly: And then Friday night happened where like I was like up in pain all night. So I ended up. I think I like new. And I was like, oh, she's that thing was this morning. So I didn't even get to attend it
Lauren Kelly: So I was super bummed that I didn't get it, but I'll definitely got that this week.
Lauren Kelly: So I didn't get to attend the online meetings that I wanted to last week, just because like this pain was so bad. I just
Lauren Kelly: I, I just didn't get barely anything done on the house of all this stuff. I suppose it would just took over almost my whole week. Um,
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, so I'm kind of disappointed I didn't get that done. But I did have a topic of discussion that I kind of thought of something I wanted to talk about with you today. And it's not like like nothing happened or anything. It's just something that
Lauren Kelly: I realized is kind of an issue for me and I just kind of wanted to bounce it off you, and you know, see what your thoughts were so um
Lauren Kelly: You obviously know like the whole history of Paul and I and like our you know how we started and everything. So I've noticed, like I just have this constant fear.
Lauren Kelly: That, like, and for me when I'm in my life. Good things never last they just don't like I might have a good like year or something. But like my last relationship that was super abusive. It was like, great for like a year and then it turned really really ugly and dirty and
Lauren Kelly: I just, I never have good things in my life for that long. You know, like they just good thing just they don't last in my life and I'm 36 years old and that's the way it's it's been my whole life. So
Lauren Kelly: I don't know if that's just something that's like programmed in my head that good things don't last. But in my mind like
Lauren Kelly: Before this whole coronavirus thing happened like Paul would like pick up his kids for school and do drop offs and things like that. But he wasn't at the house all the time. Now he's at that house like five, six hours.
Lauren Kelly: A day and kind of every other day. So it's a lot and I'm
Lauren Kelly: And I get, like, especially with the comments that you know his daughter made about, you know, being like, you know, wanting to kill herself if something happened you know and and
Lauren Kelly: His other daughter, I guess, is self harming now she's like pulling out her eyebrows and stuff and and I guess his oldest daughter did that when she was young.
Lauren Kelly: Good caught her eyebrows and your eyelashes and she'd been out appalled saw from probably not have hair like up here.
Lauren Kelly: And basically it's all distress, you know, because I don't know if it's 100% because of what's going on with their dad, but like I get that he needs to be there and he needs to
Lauren Kelly: To like let them know I'm here and I'm not going anywhere.
Lauren Kelly: And I want to be 100% supportive of that but like when he's over there and it's been a few hours, and he's usually pretty good about like, you know, just check new with me every few hours or whatever. But like
Lauren Kelly: I start to just think, like, you know, what if he's going to go pack. What if he would have
Lauren Kelly: And it's just I was thinking about it last night and I kind of talked to him about it and I just started crying and I didn't even think I was going to start crying. But I was just thinking like
Lauren Kelly: I'm, I'm afraid. Every single day that like this isn't going to last and he's going to come home and tell me you know like sorry but I have to go back for the kids or something and
Lauren Kelly: I just have this constant fear and it's not because he's doing anything. It's not because like there's holes in his stories or anything like that. Like there's nothing there. It's just my own shit.
Lauren Kelly: You know, and, and I don't want to like
Lauren Kelly: Project that and and you know make things negative because I'm in my head, but like
Lauren Kelly: You know, it might just be every other relationship before not good things, not lasting and now I'm putting now that this is like
Lauren Kelly: The best and most healthy relationship of my life. It's like there's no way in my head, it's going to last and and it's for sure going to come to an end, and I am scared. Every day of that and and
Lauren Kelly: I would like to not be scared every day, and like I tried to tell myself stuff like
Lauren Kelly: You know, like the Serenity Prayer and like, like I can only control myself. I know that I'm not going to lie to him. I know that I'm not going to be dishonest to him. I know I'm not going to use again all the things that would tear us apart. I'm not going to do
Lauren Kelly: Those things that I can control that, I get that. Like if he ends up deciding these kids are just too fucked up in the head right now and he needs to go back to like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, try to make that better or whatever, like I can't control that and and if that happens, that's going to happen and and whether he had kids and you know left his wife for me or any or didn't
Lauren Kelly: People can break up with anybody, any day. You know what I mean like you, whether that was part of our story or not.
Lauren Kelly: You still can't like guarantee this relationships going to last forever. You know, but
Lauren Kelly: I just, I feel like I have this unhealthy fear every day when nothing's happening. You know, there's not any but but the fact that he's spending so much time over there right now I think like
Lauren Kelly: makes it even worse and and I was thinking like what I was trying to kind of think of it last night. Why is it worse now. And I think it's because
Lauren Kelly: Before you know He was going to work all day. You know, so it's like he would, he would do. Like they, in their neighborhood in the other house they had like this.
Lauren Kelly: pickup and drop off system were like one parent. It was like five different parents that were involved in this and like each like on Monday one parent picks up all the kids and on Tuesday.
Lauren Kelly: So he was still doing that which I was totally fine with but like
Lauren Kelly: It that was mostly and then you know he take him out to pizza or something, a couple of days a week. But now there's no other choice than to just go there and spend hours there, you know, in a mean and that makes me super insecure and
Lauren Kelly: You know, he's been totally transparent about everything. There's nothing. It's not like he's telling me. He'll be back in an hour in six hours. Sounds like I know he's going to be there, but like
Lauren Kelly: Like yesterday morning he left and said he was going to go help with homework.
Lauren Kelly: And he was there for like five hours. And I'm like, Wow, that's a lot of homework, you know, and he was like, well, I also had a couple of zoom calls that I needed to be on for work that I had to jump on you know so that kind of longer but in my head I'm thinking like
Lauren Kelly: There's no way they have five hours worth of home, you know, so I'm here just kind of, you know, just not freaking out. But like having negative thoughts and I'm just so scared. Every day like
Lauren Kelly: That something's going to happen. And I just, I just kind of wanted to just talk to you about how I don't know if I can get rid of that unhealthy fear, but like, I'm
Lauren Kelly: I don't know, like do normal people every day that they're scared it's going to be over. Like, I feel something tells me, that's not like normal that like
Lauren Kelly: Other people just live everyday scared that they're going to like lose everything every day and I just have that fear.
Lauren Kelly: Every day that like this is going to go away that it's not going to last. And so then any little thing like him being there for a few extra hours or, you know, or like just now that it was like the holiday.
Lauren Kelly: He was there on Easter almost all day. Um, I don't know if you remember, but
Lauren Kelly: When he left before it was over Thanksgiving and I had told him I had this fear he was going to be there on Thanksgiving, and he was going to look at his family and be like, wow, you know, this is where I belong. And he told me
Lauren Kelly: That was no. No way, that's not what's going to happen and that was exactly what happened. It was like three days after Thanksgiving that
Lauren Kelly: He basically told me he had to go back and and and then within four days he was back here telling me it was the bass mystique of his life, and he do anything to get back and eager and, you know, and we went through a lot of stuff, uh, before I like let him back in
Lauren Kelly: But so holidays kind of make things, you know, extra crazy for me because I just think he's going to be over there and he's going to look at his family and think this is where I belong. You know, and I mean, and so
Lauren Kelly: That makes it extra so I don't know if I'm extra feeling this way because of the holiday and and and put on top of it. You know, I know.
Lauren Kelly: Before he wasn't choosing to spend hours on end there, he would take them out to pizza or do yoga or like something away from the house. I get that. There's no other option and I get that.
Lauren Kelly: He needs to be spending extra time there with like how emotional. The kids are right now and everything going on there. So I want to be supportive of all those things. But in my head every day. I'm scared.
Lauren Kelly: That this is all going to end and in like it's not just a little fear. It's like a consuming fear and and and i get i can't control anything I can't control things but like
Lauren Kelly: I just, I just don't think it's like healthy for me to be so scared, all the time, you know, and I just, I just wanted to see like what you thought of that. Or like, I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Want you to identify something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everything has mellowed out your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. You've got your stuff you're moving your stuff and you guys have made these plans right we're
Lauren Kelly: More
Lauren Kelly: Happen is August 3 we've had. We're just like nothing has happened like nothing bad at all like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it would make sense that you're catastrophic thinking is going to hold on to the one beer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was healthy for you and turn it into something that's not so healthy
Lauren Kelly: We, the fear that's healthy for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, there's always a little bit of fear is healthy. Right. Yeah. Fear of putting our hands on fire. We have fear drowning. I mean, you know, it makes us more cautious. Right. So there's a healthy fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you know he may decide to go. Go back to his family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It turns unhealthy when it becomes all consuming and so everything else in your life has mellowed out and has gotten some normalcy in some balance and makes perfect sense that your catastrophic thinking has grabbed ahold of this fear and just expanded it into this huge thing.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's also a piece of it that self sabotaging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will
Lauren Kelly: Are okay I like can't accept that, like there has to be something big on the horizon, like there has to be something big coming you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My brain you, you gotta let go of it. You've got to let go of whatever is coming in the future and live for today. You have to because you know what, we can't control, you can't control what pulled aside one way or the other. Why not live every day as your last day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Earth, we don't know what's going to happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With every day as your last day and enjoy the moments that you have. I don't believe for one second that obviously he has definitely shown that he's not going anywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tough situation with the girls, definitely. It's tough, but you've got to let go of that piece and know that he's going to do whatever he's going to do and you have no control over it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you have control over is being able to do decide and choose what you're going to do in response to anything.
Lauren Kelly: And like, like in times before, like where he was at that house and tell like we decided we were going to work on things and then we both would come back to the apartment.
Lauren Kelly: That's one thing. But like even this last time. Before I came back, he was here for like two months by himself. It's not like he was there, up until the day we decided, okay, let's come here and work on things.
Lauren Kelly: He was here. So it's not like he was working on that. So I don't know why, like I have this fear like
Lauren Kelly: I'm pretty confident that that is over, and that like even the X is aware of that over and everything and that nobody's working on that.
Lauren Kelly: But it's just still in my head like every time he goes over there is something that, oh my god, this is the time it but then I remind myself. He wasn't even there, he was a here by himself for a month. You know, it may mean like
Lauren Kelly: I and yeah. And again, but like he still couldn't make that decision and I can't control that just like any of us can get in our car and get in a car accident and die. Anytime we go outside, you know, but I
Lauren Kelly: It's just it just, it's, it's like, yeah, it's like self sabotaging or something. It's like destructive when
Lauren Kelly: All I can think about when he's there for several hours is. Oh my god, like what conversations are being had what's, what's he thinking what's you know and
Lauren Kelly: And it's just constantly in my mind that like. Like I almost feel like he's gonna like the novelty of us is going to kind of wear off and
Lauren Kelly: He's going to get bored of. Okay. Well that was fun.
Lauren Kelly: But here's my real family like like I kind of tell myself like like on Easter, you know, we wake up, we make these baskets for his kids and then he goes off and he's there all day and I think like, I'm just kind of his fun
Lauren Kelly: Life. But then he goes to his real family you know at me and like, that's this feeling, I've just always had, and like not like I'm
Lauren Kelly: His real fast. Like, like, you know, by the actions. He's had he's shown like that. I'm the future. He wants and like that's what he was investing in, you know, obviously he's investing. There's kids that all that by going over there, but
Lauren Kelly: I go to bed next to this man every night I wake up next to him every morning, he's nowhere else. You know what I mean, but
Lauren Kelly: In my mind, I just, I'm scared that like the fun or whatever is going to wear off and then he's going to realize okay that was just some
Lauren Kelly: You know mistake or just, you know, I may be some midlife crisis taken I just needed to, you know, feel wanted by a younger girl or something for a while, but I guess.
Lauren Kelly: What I really need to do is be at home with my kids and maybe I don't want to give up the $1.5 billion home and maybe I don't want to, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Be away from my kids and all that. And so I just think, like, I almost feel like maybe we're just playing house here but like that that's
Lauren Kelly: His real field that's where he stills friends is holidays. That's which I get like it's not like I would want him to just sit at the house with me all day on Eastern so that being with his kids and all that, but
Lauren Kelly: It's just, it is and I again like he was doing really good about taking them out places, instead of being at the house before all this stuff happened. But now that things are this way.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. It just I and I in my head, my head tells me he's spending a little too much time there, you know, it's like it's either every day or every other day that he's there for five or six hours. It wasn't like that before. You know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: So in my head. It's like, cool. Is that where he really wants to be you and then does he come home and think like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. And anytime. He's just even a little off in any way, and maybe he just stressed out because
Lauren Kelly: You know, he heard something like the day he came home last week saying that the ex was telling him about the girl pulling out her eyebrows or whatever. And this, you know, self harming behavior.
Lauren Kelly: Obviously he was a little often upset that day but in my head I turned that into. Oh my god. He's thinking about leaving he's, you know, whatever. And I just always go back to like are we just playing house here and then that is real and
Lauren Kelly: Funds there the more he realizes Oh shit, you know, this was just a midlife crisis thing. But that's where I really need to be, you know, and it's just this fear. Like, I can't
Lauren Kelly: Get rid of and anytime anything's often the littlest way and it can just be a little bit of stress of whatever it like
Lauren Kelly: You know, he's still coming home here every night. He's sleeping here waking up here. He's here we every meal together. We, you know what I mean, like, it's not like he's not here.
Lauren Kelly: But in my head. It's telling me that something big is coming and that like there's no way I can just like be happy and he and I can just be together like
There's some
Lauren Kelly: It's like I just, I feel like I like no way am I got or something and I hope
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll make it happen that type of thinking will make whatever big that you are afraid of coming you'll make it happen. You'll make it happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the part of it that catastrophic thinking does for us is that we stay in this mindset that are you know gloom and doom. And this is going to end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the point that we make it happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you want to get out of that thought process and realize, you know, you've got to keep telling yourself. You don't have any control over his decisions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can be the best Lauren and continue working on Lauren through this process and don't attach yourself to the outcome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's saying whatever is going to happen. Whatever he chooses will deal with that when it happens, if it ever happens but having this this huge fear, you know, every single day is counterproductive to your recovery and what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you've got to take, you know, take that focus that you're putting on that scenario and take it and put it in Word, you've got to focus on Lauren Lauren first and realize that Lauren is going to make it with Paul in the picture or Paul, Paul, not in the picture.
Lauren Kelly: See like I get that I'm going to survive. I'm not going to die if he leaves you know like I get that, but like there was a while ago and it was a few weeks ago.
Lauren Kelly: We were talking at you and I were talking and you had said something of like
Lauren Kelly: It basically the same sort of thing that you said Lauren's going to be happy with or without Paul and I didn't want to like argue with you at that point. But like
Lauren Kelly: After you know we got the call. I'm like, but I'm not going to be happy, you know, and I mean like, I'll survive. I'll wake up in the morning, all eat food. I will go through the motions of the day, but like
Lauren Kelly: I do not see a happy life without him like i've i've never
Lauren Kelly: felt anything like this. I've never had anything like this, like the way he and I tried to explain it to other people is like we thought we knew what relationships and what love were
Lauren Kelly: And we thought maybe we had, you know, an eight out of 10 before and that was like what relationships were. And now that we've met. We realized like, if this is a 10 every relationship we ever had three. So to think I'm going to fill in that gap like
Lauren Kelly: That I'm not even going to find a six or a seven. Like, I'll just continue to have threes. You know what I mean. And so it's like they're just in my
Lauren Kelly: Mind. There's, there isn't happiness without him like, yeah, I'm not gonna, I don't think I'm going to go jump off a bridge, as if he leaves me like I Will Survive and I will live. And I will
Lauren Kelly: Get into new to walk my dogs and feed them and whatever, but like I i will be fucking miserable and i don't i I would be lying to you if I sat here and said, Oh, no, I will still be happy. Lauren will be okay. I'd be lying to you if I told you I believe that I don't believe that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well here's the thing. When you're so stuck in the fear. Why would you believe it when you think that all of your life only matters because of somebody in it. Why wouldn't you think that and then there's a whole other piece of it that says, Why are you future tripping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get out of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not. It's not ready for you yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can pull yourself back
Lauren Kelly: Here, this isn't like years off future this is like next week. He's been in come home and tell me because of all this time be spending their war because
Lauren Kelly: You know, one day is the kids are in therapy. One day the X is going to come and tell him something so big, of like, you know, maybe one of the girls.
Lauren Kelly: Did cut herself or something like that. And he's gonna be like, Oh my god, I can't take this, I have to go back there. I can't be away from that, like those are the things that are my brain is telling me and that
Lauren Kelly: They are
Lauren Kelly: Very near future, they aren't. We're not talking about years we were talking about it like the next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or something. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I'm talking about to you're still too far in the future. You have no idea what's going to happen tomorrow. You have no idea what's going to happen at the end of today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, why make the choice to sit in something that hasn't been written yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to get out of your head. You've got to get out of it. You know, you have to choose whether you want to walk in fear or faith.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Faith in the fact that you're doing the next right thing to better your life, not just for you. But for your relationship, but mainly for you at some point, you got to get to that point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: I'll do i do that i don't like wearing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: yourself out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to pull yourself out of the future. And, you know, think that you have control over writing that book when you talk at this point. You know what I mean, you've got to let go of that you got to not attach yourself to the future piece that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because this is it's crazy making
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean,
Lauren Kelly: I put all this pressure on myself like I have to make things. Perfect for him here and I always have to make it so happy. Each year, and like, like, like when I wasn't feeling well last week.
Lauren Kelly: It's like I felt so guilty because I'm not getting stuff done. And I wasn't like as a ton of as I normally am and I'm thinking, like, oh my god. Is he going to leave because like
Lauren Kelly: It's like I i feel all this pressure, like I have to be perfect and have everything perfect here because if one thing isn't right like
Lauren Kelly: Then why is he going to want to even be here anymore. You know, like I just feel this like crazy pressure on myself to everything I have
Lauren Kelly: To make sure everything's perfect and I can't afford even like the littlest bump in the road because
Lauren Kelly: It's, you know, it's going to make over there seems so much more attractive. It just seems like like that's always hanging over my head that like he's just going to pick that and and and I almost don't see why you want to pick that, you know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. That headspace
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lauren, you got to get out of there. Because here's the deal. He is seeing you at your worst
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and he's still made the choice to stay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you guys have had some pretty, you know, horrific arguments and fights and you know he is, you know, you've opened the door to show him the behaviors of your addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the feet, you know, the things that you did the things that you said the things you know that your addiction took you to and he's still here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So Lauren getting healthy and Lauren working on Loren and Loren being in recovery and doing what she needs to do you know that is dysfunctional thinking it's self sabotaging thinking to think that now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to lose everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you didn't win you know your whole addiction was revealed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's a piece of it that says
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When life is going good. It's easy for us to grab ahold of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The fears of what we want the for the future. You've got to get out of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, like
Lauren Kelly: Like things have been going to bed for too long, that it just it's coming to an end to like there's no there's just no way like Lauren Kelly gets to be happy for
Lauren Kelly: Any extended period of time, like something is coming and I know it's not going to be something I do because I've been
Lauren Kelly: 100% honest about everything, like, you know, like literally like when I leave the house. It's to go to like Target or Safeway, and I'm back. And like, I'm not going anywhere, doing it. He's like, He knows everything.
Lauren Kelly: There's no, there's nothing like it and it's good to know when I go to bed at night.
Lauren Kelly: I don't have to worry about some texts coming through my phone. I've got a height or something. The way like the deceptive Lauren have to worry about that. I don't worry about anything because there's nothing I'm hiding. And that's a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really I
Lauren Kelly: Mean it's super liberating to just know. Like there's nothing that I fear because I know what my own behavior is and I know
Lauren Kelly: You know that that there's nothing that's going to be uncovered or whatever because I know, I know that he knows the worst. He knows everything, you know, and right
Lauren Kelly: And so I don't have that fear of, like, what's he going to find out what if I don't have that anymore and I lived with that for so long. And it's so freeing to not have that fear anymore. So now it's almost like I've moved my fear to okay well. Now what's he gonna do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's why you've done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what you've done. You've got to constantly tell yourself that you are not in charge and that you don't have control over his decisions.
Lauren Kelly: But like I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have
Lauren Kelly: On my relationship. And I just want to feel like it's going to be there the next day and i just i just have this constant fear, it's going to be gone. Every day, I'm scared isn't going to be gone. And I know you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gonna make it gone. That's what's going to happen. You're going to push it that way, you continue with this mindset you continue with this this unhealthy fear Lauren and that's exactly what's going to happen because you'll make it happen. Or you'll pick up in your run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so getting out of that mindset, you have to one day at a time. It's not something that's been developed overnight. You have to remember, you've been living in fight or flight for how long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ever been right. And so every day. It's going to be a battle to be able to get out of that future trip and mindset that self sabotaging mindset and accept what comes for you today, period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every day when you find yourself going into the future. Pull your, your head back out of it and say hasn't been written. I have no idea what's going to happen. I have no idea.
Lauren Kelly: But that's so hard for me like to know. He could leave and he could just my whole world could just be demolished in a second. Like, I can't
Lauren Kelly: It's almost like I'm something. Tell me be a realist know that this is a possibility and you have to like mentally prepare for it.
Lauren Kelly: Like, and for all I know we could be to going for 20 3040 years and it never happens. But in my mind. It's like, Don't be an idiot. It's happened before it can and probably will happen again and like
Lauren Kelly: And I don't know what good that even does for me to is to say, it does happen tomorrow, what did meet think you're obsessing about it today. Do it didn't stop it from happening. It didn't make it happen. It's it was going to happen if it was going to happen, but
Lauren Kelly: For some reason things me pretending like it's not going to happen. It makes me feel like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you pushing it towards happening what direction do you want to go because you're either pushing it to make it happen or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Living in today and accepting the fact it's all about acceptance accepting the fact that today is today. You don't have any control over him. You don't have any control over tomorrow you have control over Lauren. And today, period.
Lauren Kelly: Except being happy today without thinking it's going to come to an end tomorrow, but I can't get past like in my mind. There's just always this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing. Nothing bad
Lauren Kelly: Will not win. But when I was a kid my mom always told me like nothing good I ever do will ever matter because, you know, I decided not to be Mormon and that's going to affect the rest of my life. So it's like
Lauren Kelly: In my head, like I still hear that, like, even though I'm known recovery and I've been clean for
Lauren Kelly: Like 190 days like but you know I'm coming up on almost four months, which is like pretty close to six months I was thinking about that. The other day, I'm almost like half a year here. You know, like that's fucking amazing.
Lauren Kelly: And I've done all this good stuff. And again, I'm no longer living in fear of what's he going to find out what's he going to uncover because there isn't anything there. And that's fucking amazing.
Lauren Kelly: That's the first time in like 10 years that I've got to live without worrying about what people are going to find out about me, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And just being able to live and know that I am hiding absolutely nothing into go to bed at night, feeling good about that. To look myself in the mirror in the morning feeling good about that. But I, I just
Lauren Kelly: I just can't get out of like this mindset that that it's it's coming and I need to like prepare for it or something. I just
Lauren Kelly: I don't know how to just be happy today.
Lauren Kelly: And then nothing's happened, no event that I'm like oh my gosh, we got this. You tried on Tuesday or something like nothing's happened like we just been solid and good and so
Lauren Kelly: My brain is just telling me like the thing my mom told me of like
Lauren Kelly: Nothing goods ever going to last, like, you're always going to be miserable because of these bad decisions you made, and you don't deserve to be happy. You don't deserve good things. And so that is just
Lauren Kelly: On playing on repeat in my head. And this has just been good for too long. And so we, there's no way I I it's almost like in my head like, okay, if it seems good. That's because
Lauren Kelly: He like in my head. He's already having those conversations over there and he's already contemplating it and he's just trying to figure out a way to tell me right now or something like that. Like, that's how
Lauren Kelly: Much I feel like it's just on the rise. And then it's going to happen and it's
Lauren Kelly: There's nothing. He's doing other than just like spending a lot of time over there, which I guess means to do right now, especially with like how those little girls are feeling right now. Like he needs to do that. Why can't I just
Lauren Kelly: Acknowledge that that's all it is. And and and be supportive of that. Why do I have to turn it into
Lauren Kelly: The cash traffic. Oh my god, he's going to leave me and it's coming. It's coming. And, you know, I'm only happy for today because tomorrow is going to be the day and it's all going to happen tomorrow and
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to lose everything in one swoop. And it's not just like okay Paul leaves is still have the apartment and everything's gonna be okay. And I saw a roof over my head. And I'll be okay like
Lauren Kelly: My world goes to just shit. Like, I don't know how to be happier be okay without
Lauren Kelly: Like this, like, transforming like like if it wasn't for Paul, I would have never gotten clean, you know, and I get like it's not for him now, because
Lauren Kelly: I would, I would have started using when we were broken up. If it was all tied into him, you know,
Lauren Kelly: The old me would have been like, okay, it's not my life anymore. I'm going to call my dealer, you know,
Lauren Kelly: But so I know that I'm clean and stay clean for me, but I do acknowledge the fact, like I didn't
Lauren Kelly: I never love myself enough to make that change and tell I saw like somebody like love me that much. That made me think, like, wow, I am worth this you know and and so I'm so grateful to him for helping me see.
Lauren Kelly: That I was worth not killing myself slowly every day. The way I was, you know, and, and all that, but I
Lauren Kelly: I just, I would be enlightened to if I said like, oh, Lauren's gonna be happy without Polish born is going to be fucking miserable without him and
Lauren Kelly: I can't help but think like that world, not only exists, but it's on the horizon. Like, and I just, I mean, all I can think of is in those moments when I have those thoughts like
Lauren Kelly: Just to tell me itself to like stop. But then at the same time, I just hear my moms like voice in my head of like you don't deserve to be happy. And if you're happy now. It's only because the pain is going to be so great tomorrow. You know what I mean, like, there's always a
Lauren Kelly: flip side to the happiness that
Lauren Kelly: There's gonna be this great pain that's coming in and I don't want to make it happen. I don't want it to be a self.
Lauren Kelly: What is it a self like when you like a self something prophecy or something like where you make it happen. I don't want it to be.
Lauren Kelly: One of those things, a self fulfilling prophecy or whatever. I don't want it to be like that. But I feel like
Lauren Kelly: I've always done that, when I was a kid, they told me like I was a depressed bad, kid. So I was it. Oh, I'll show you a depressed bad, kid. You know, like I
Lauren Kelly: I almost fulfill those negative things myself instead of trying to say no, I'll show you the opposite, you know, but but then I think then when I tried to say no, I'll do the opposite. Instead of sitting here and
Lauren Kelly: obsessing about the fact that he can come home any day and told me, today's the day he's leaving and hacking up all this stuff like
Lauren Kelly: Then my other the flip side to that. Oh my god, I have to make everything so perfect here and I can't
Lauren Kelly: Tell him one negative thought or I can't
Lauren Kelly: You know, I can't even like Phil under the weather for a few days, like I did like the whole time I'm thinking oh my god like he's going to realize I don't want to be around this and whatever. And it's like,
Lauren Kelly: Everyone's allowed to be sick for a little bit, you know, I wasn't being a baby and I have a headache someone to lay around for week I had a roughly and ovarian cysts like
Lauren Kelly: It was a big freakin deal like it was some like the most painful should I've ever felt in my head, I'm not even allowed to feel that way because I need things to be so perfect. Here, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And it's this like then then there's this unhealthy pressure of everything has to be so so so so so perfect and that's that's hard for me to live under too so
Lauren Kelly: It's either me trying to make things so perfect that nothing bad will happen or me thinking something bad's gonna happen. And I don't know. We're like the healthy part lies and I don't
Lauren Kelly: I just feel like last on how to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now because you're in crazy making
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah
You know,
Lauren Kelly: So is it just because like things have been good and solid and quiet that it's like I have to make chaos.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it has to latch onto something because you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: DIDN'T LEARN.
Lauren Kelly: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you haven't learned to let it go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yet
Lauren Kelly: How do I let go, like it because pretty much in my head as long as those girls until they leave for call and once they were in college. I don't
Lauren Kelly: At that point, he would be leaving me to go back to the x, which, like I really don't take whatever happened. The only leaving would have to do with the kids. I 100% believe that, um,
Lauren Kelly: So I almost feel like until both these kids are in college. I'm going to have this crazy fear and the youngest ones 11 so that's a ways away, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Am I going to for the next seven years.
Lauren Kelly: Feel like at any point in time she's going to call and say, oh, you know, therapy, we found out one of our heads is actually cutting yourself and he's like oh my god I have to go back there are like, whatever it is, like I just
Lauren Kelly: I, I just, I just can't help but think it's coming. And I just, I would like to like live my life and not fear every day that this is all coming to an end, and he's leaving it
Lauren Kelly: And I don't know how to pull myself out of that. And I don't know how to not put that pressure on myself have already got everything I sent be so perfect, or he's going to realize
Lauren Kelly: Oh, I'm just over here playing house. But my real families where I really wanted to be. And like, that's his real house and that's his real family and that's his real everything and I'm just
Lauren Kelly: The fun you know midlife crisis girl that makes him maybe feel alive or Phil needed or wanted or whatever that he hadn't felt in a while.
Lauren Kelly: And that's fun for him right now, but that it's going to lose its novelty like that. That's what it keeps going through my head like this is fun for a while but like
Lauren Kelly: We haven't gone this long in the past without having something it happen. So in my mind like something's coming me you know and I know it's not coming from my
Lauren Kelly: As I
Lauren Kelly: Control my behavior. And I know I'm not going to betray his trust. I know I'm not gonna cheat on him. I'm not gonna lie to him. I'm not going to do any of the things that would cause something bad on my end. So it's got to be coming from him, and it's got it.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. And yeah, so how do I, how do I say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I want you to listen to something. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm gonna read you something really fast and the capacity for language put human beings in a special position simply saying a word invokes the objects that is the object that is named try it out. So if you thought
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you say the word umbrella first thing that comes to your mind is an umbrella.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But consider what this means if you named object. If you're named object was fearful anything that reminded the person of it of its name.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: would invoke fear, it would be as if, if the dog needed to feel fear is not an actual is not an actual kick. That's part of that previous chapter that I didn't read, but the thought of being kicked
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is exactly the situation you're in. That is exactly the situation all humans are doing with language. Here's an example, take a moment now to think of the most shameful thing you have ever done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take a moment to actually do this, identify the feeling, what did you feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's very likely that as soon as you read the sentence you felt some sense of either fear or resistance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You may have tried to dismiss the question and quickly read on. However, if you pause and actually tried to do what we asked you probably begin to feel a sense of shame.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: While you remember the scene from your past and your actions in it yet. All that happened here was that you were looking at patterns of eat on paper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nothing else is in front of you, but that because relations relations that verbal humans learn in one direction they derive into they have the capacity to treat anything as a symbol for something else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The top eaten. I can't say that words that he taught a dumb ology of symbol means to throw back as the same and because you are reacting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To the ink on this paper symbolically, the word you just read Evo to reaction from you, perhaps, perhaps that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even reminded you of a shameful event from your past. What could you, what could you. Where can you go so that this kind of relation could not take place the dog knows how to avoid pain. Avoid you and your foot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But how can you, how can a person avoid pain if anytime, anywhere pain can be brought to mind by anything related to that pain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The situation is actually worse than worse than that not only can we have not avoid pain by avoiding painful situations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: pleasurable situations. Also my invoke pain. Suppose someone very dear to you recently passed away. And today you see one of the most beautiful sunset to have ever seen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What will you think for human beings, avoiding situation, avoiding situational Q cues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For psychological pain is unlikely to succeed in eliminating difficult feelings, because all that is needed to bring them to mind is an arbitrary cue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That invokes the right verbal relations. This example of a sense that demonstrates the process. So you think about anything that you that you think about you'll feel about right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The problem is that the cues that in both verbal relations can be almost anything. The ink on paper that made up the word shame or a sunset that reminded you of your very recent loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In desperation humans, try to take a very logical action they start trying to avoid pain itself. Unfortunately, as we will discuss
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: some details about the rest of this book some methods of avoiding pain or pathological
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: in and of themselves. For example, this association or illegal drug use may temporarily temporarily reduce pain, but it will come back stronger than ever and further damage will be caused
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Denial and learned numbness will reduce pain, but they will soon cause for more pain. Then they take away
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The constant possibility of psychological pain is a challenging burden that we all need to face it is like the elephant in the living room that no one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: ever mentions this doesn't mean that you must resign yourself to trudging through your life suffering.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pain and suffering are very different. We believe that there's a way to change your relationship to pain and to then live a good life, perhaps a great life, even though you're a human being, whose memory and verbal skills. Keep the possibility of pain just an instant away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that what you're telling yourself or what you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you are continually thinking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what's going to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm trying to find
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I think I remember you telling me I'm whatever you feed grows, you know. So if I'm feeding that fear.
Lauren Kelly: That's what grows. If I'm feeding my recovery in the healthy stuff that's what's going to grow. And I think my whole life. I've said the Navy have stuff.
Lauren Kelly: tenfold compared to anything positive yeah ever and and it's it's it's one of it's just like the Dishonesty or the, the need to run. It's one of those like
Lauren Kelly: Huge learned behaviors that I've just relied on for so many years, if not like my whole life that I've got to learn
Lauren Kelly: I've got to learn how to not do that because it's super destructive to myself, you know, and to
Lauren Kelly: Moving forward, and you know, like I said, for all I know I can. I could end up you know getting married and being happy for the next 40 years or, you know, until we die together and and me sitting there, stressing about this today doesn't change in any way. If anything, it pushes it
Lauren Kelly: Remember going in a negative route but like there's this part of my head. That's just like yeah but be a realist and know that there's a huge chance. This happens because that's the way things go in your life and to not acknowledge that makes you almost feel like I'm being stupid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you can acknowledge that you've always had, you know that your past relationships were always dysfunctional. It's about how you acknowledge it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you telling yourself. All right, I have been in quite a few dysfunctional relationships and that is not what I'm gearing towards in this relationship. And so the more that I work on me. The more that I work on my recovery, the better outcome. I'm going to have for me again.
Lauren Kelly: At the happier and more stable it is here, the more I'm terrified.
That I'm sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it's new.
Lauren Kelly: Of the opposite affection that makes me feel more comfortable and more confident. Well, it's been this long.
Lauren Kelly: And there hasn't been one huge you know thing of me, like, oh my god, this happened that happened. Oh, this huge event happened, nothing. It's we've gone to bed. Happy every night and woken up happy every morning. Next, Next each other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like right
Lauren Kelly: There isn't any huge thing but it's almost like the, the better. This is and I would have thought that that would have made me feel more and more confident, but
Lauren Kelly: I haven't just had happy for this long since I can't even remember. So I don't know how to deal with happy and okay and stable. Those are like very uncomfortable as crazy as that sounds.
Lauren Kelly: Those aren't real feelings for me like chaos and sadness and depression are comfortable for me and some
Lauren Kelly: Funds.
Lauren Kelly: In twisted way, those are comfortable feelings for me and and so the more happy and stable, you know, and consistent things are, the more that voice in my head is saying.
Lauren Kelly: It but it won't last. And it's going to be 10 times worse this time when you lose it all. You know what I mean. And that's definitely super destructive and that's not helping anything, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, but you've got to be willing to combat those thoughts you have to because of that, you know, they're unfounded today. And so, you know, you're comfortable being comfortable and pain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And sadness and and chaos. You have to learn how to be comfortable. I mean, it takes longer than a week. It took you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many years to get to that point to think that way. You know what I mean, your whole life you've been thinking that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's going to be longer than, you know, a month. It's going to be longer than six months before you get into being okay with being happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a process, Lauren, everything is a process you're trying to learn a new way to think a new way to feel a new way to live. You know what I mean, you're trying to learn all these new things. Give yourself a break to be able to step back a little bit and say today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Today in this moment, I'm going to focus on what happy means to Lauren today doesn't mean that you don't ever have to worry about, you know, or dive into your fears later But for today, you're going to stay out of fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you do that every day you face the adversity. The things that come into your life you face them as they come. You don't create them to come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you want to get out of you want to get out of that mindset that this is going to end. And I'll tell you where that that thought process will take you. This is going to end. I might as well leave today. Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I don't want to face, what's going to come. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's that's that mindset. You know what I mean. That will drag you right back. And so you've got to again sit in the uncomfortableness of this for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give yourself permission to be okay with being happy today. Just today and we do that day by day. And when you find your mind going into that negative fearful headspace you got a real yourself out of it. You've got to get yourself busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because that's counterproductive.
Lauren Kelly: Something you just said really resonated with me of like, I don't think I'm okay with letting myself be happy i don't i don't think
Lauren Kelly: I don't. For me, it's what I've like been told my whole life. And when I've been trained to think and not only my relationship with my mom and dad, but like every
Lauren Kelly: Relationship with a man, I've had since then has been like, I don't deserve that. And I'm not so in my head.
Lauren Kelly: It's, it's not okay and I'm not allowed to be happy. And I'm, I'm, I won't let myself feel that way because
Lauren Kelly: My head tells me I'm such a bad, horrible disgusting despicable human being that I don't deserve this. And if I have this. It's like unfair or wrong and that the universe is going to make it right.
Lauren Kelly: Very soon, you know that. Oh wait, we let Lauren be happy for a little bit. Let's fucking fix Sasha, you know, what do you mean like no way we can let that last and
Lauren Kelly: It's like, it's like if I'm happy. It's like almost like I'm like, oh, I have to fix this and make myself, not because this is it. Okay. And I'm not allowed to feel this way, you know, like, I don't get it, but letting myself be happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to get out of that mindset. And one thing to think about is that a couple things. And this might sound harsh. When I say it, so don't take it personal. But the world does not revolve around you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah universe has bigger things to worry about them, whether or not you're happy. Sure. And when you tell yourself those things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You tell yourself. Okay, you have to continually repetitive repetitively put good inside your brain. You have to Lauren, because that's how we combat the negative and eventually the negative will start Quieting down and the good will prevail, but you've got to start practicing those things.
Lauren Kelly: I remember you had me on it do for a while and I tried to be good about it. I was good for about a week and then I kind of just started to regress that
Lauren Kelly: You were telling me, like when I had my negative self talk because all day, all day, every day I had like the worst negative self talk everything
Lauren Kelly: I do. I'm telling myself. I'm so fucking stupid. How could you not, you're such a fucking idiot like I just have the worst self talk in the world and I saw this
Lauren Kelly: Experiment one time online where they had people write down on like cue cards. The most like negative things they say to themselves,
Lauren Kelly: And then they brought a stranger in the room and made you say those things to that person.
Lauren Kelly: And it's like painful for you to say, you know, if I call myself so fucking dumb.
Lauren Kelly: And then you bring a stranger in the room, and I'm supposed to tell them you're so fucking dumb it like hurts me to say that to them, but like, why am I willing to say that to myself so easily and openly.
Lauren Kelly: But I wouldn't even say that to a fucking stranger. It kills me to to say something so awful and disgusting to another person, but I'm totally okay with saying it to myself, you know. And I mean, and in
Lauren Kelly: It. So for a while I was trying. You had me. You told me like whenever I have those names and fonts combat it with a good one. So when I say
Lauren Kelly: I'm so fucking stupid. How could I have done that. It's like, well, no, you actually put yourself through college on your own in four years when your friends who
Lauren Kelly: Had their parents paying their way took six years or seven years or eight years you know you're not fucking stupid. You know, I'm
Lauren Kelly: In and doing that, but it's like that only lasted for like a week before I just went back to just the negative self talk and that just being all consuming so
Lauren Kelly: I know that's definitely something I can try to like re implement of like whenever I have those negative thoughts like trying to combat it with something good, because I really am feeding the negative. So that's going to grow into a really big, powerful monster. If I feed it and
Lauren Kelly: I but something me when I tried to tell myself, good stuff about me, it's like, but every, every lesson every relationship. I've ever had in my life has told me the opposite that I'm
Lauren Kelly: AN UGLY bad person. So there's always like this man that I think the world of and hold on a pedestal is going to think I'm a beautiful great person like there's just no way that somebody could feel that way about me. And even though he tells me that every day.
Lauren Kelly: In my mind, there's no way he could actually feel that way, you know, and even though now I'm actually living in a way. I'm proud of and I'm accountable and I'm honest and
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm the things that I would think a guy would want his girlfriend to be, you know, for the first time in my life.
Lauren Kelly: I still feel like that disgusting bad person that like doesn't deserve love doesn't deserve anything good and definitely doesn't deserve a healthy relationship with a great man, you know, and
This is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not going to stop until you start, start combating those thoughts, one at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't feed into that negative pool, you know, because there's all it is is poison. That's all it is. You know, you've switched your, your poison.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, drugs and alcohol to this negative thought process that still keeps that negative voice I'm running through your veins in your heart and your soul in your mind. You've got to cleanse it out and say, you know what today. Just today.
Lauren Kelly: And before I used to be something when I started to feel those gross ways to make myself feel better for a little bit and now I just have to feel those awful feelings and
Lauren Kelly: Sit in them. And that's really hard for me to just force myself to feel these horrible things about myself and and i don't combat them with good things like I don't
Lauren Kelly: tell myself like but look at all these great things you've done. The next thing in my head is my mom saying
Lauren Kelly: Nothing good you ever do will matter because of all the bad you've done and I I turned that towards my recovery. A lot of like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I can. You clean for 10 years but that doesn't erase the fact that for the first six months and Paul in my relationship. I was lying to him and I was being dishonest and I was
Lauren Kelly: You know, asking him for money. For one thing, and spending it on drugs and and you know I was basically lying, cheating stealing doing, you know,
Lauren Kelly: awful things. And so it's like at the end of the day, he never deserve that he never should have been treated that way and like i don't i still
Lauren Kelly: Struggle with all like the forgiveness stuff in the cell for stuff because I still think I'm a piece of shit forever treating somebody who loves me so much that we're in and
Lauren Kelly: And not here. So ends and and my brothers in and
Lauren Kelly: I just stop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stop. You've got to stop that thought process. You've got to stop it. Because I'll tell you what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: beating yourself up and staying in that guilt and believing that you don't deserve any kind of happiness will keep you in that negative headspace, you've got to stop those thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. What happened in the past it's written. It's done. The door is closed. You can look through it through glass. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to lift for today. You've got to get out of that guilt. You've got to get out of that shame. You've got to realize that who you're becoming and who you are, to your core Lauren. It's not bad. I don't know about you, but my higher power does not make junk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And that's where you got to get to that point to believe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't work in progress.
Lauren Kelly: I think he made something good, but that I ruined it. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At 10 years old you ruined it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes that's dysfunctional thinking right in itself. And so, identifying those thoughts that are dysfunctional that you kept her hearing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what it's going to help her leave you as an adult. That's all that stuff isn't true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you've got to remember all the negative, all that stuff all that junk all that poison that you keep allowing to run through your veins are lies the falsities
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a false belief system. You've got to get to that point where you have to today. Just today. Again, it's one thought at a time and it's one day at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You either get to that point where you say, all right, I know that this side of my brain is telling me I don't deserve any of this, but this feels really good. And I'm going to enjoy it in this moment right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the more that you're doing that, the more that you're walking in the goodness in your life, the better your mind has mind get. And the better you feel appeal. You're always have those sabotaging thoughts, but you can combat them because then lies.
Lauren Kelly: I just was like, I don't want to let myself be happy because the more I let myself be happy the marks gonna hurt.
Lauren Kelly: When it all explodes. So maybe if I always have this fear and this thing telling me it's going to explode. It's going to explode.
Lauren Kelly: It kind of holds me back from like really enjoying it in that moment, so maybe it won't hurt as bad when he does leave because he's definitely gonna leave it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a, that's a you know a force to be all in itself, you know, again, you don't have control over somebody else and what his choices are and you're not a fortune teller. So you can't tell the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're not a mind reader, either.
Lauren Kelly: Will ever get to a point where I feel comfortable in my relationship that it's going to be there tomorrow. Like, like I get that we can't control if we get an apartment or whatever but
Lauren Kelly: But like, will I ever just be able to take set that like he really does love me as much as he does. And he really is as committed to this thing as he says he is. And as I am and that we really are both in this thing 100% and
Lauren Kelly: Like, will I ever be able to like really believe that because, yeah, you can own
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The whole idea is believing it today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not about will I ever, ever. It's not about you know the future. It's about today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got a real yourself back in for today.
Lauren Kelly: How do I work on believing that today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, first off, you've got to put goodness in your head you every time you have those thoughts. You've got to shut them out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to combat them.
Lauren Kelly: And how do you shut them up, other than, like, just like doing the combat the native thought with a positive light. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: So say he's over there for a lot of hours. And I'm thinking, Oh my God, you know,
Lauren Kelly: He's looking at his beautiful home and his beautiful family and thinking hey maybe being a little loveless marriage isn't that bad if I get to wake up and be with my kids every day, you know, and maybe he's considering that and then
Lauren Kelly: I tried to tell myself like wait, but no. I know he's happy when he's here and and I know that this is what he's chosen. So this is where he wants to be like, I, I just tried to tell myself.
Lauren Kelly: The good stuff. I know. I mean, I don't know. It just, it kind of feels like it falls flat to me like it like that negative thought carries so much more weight than the posture.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does because that's what's been in control for such a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is what has been in control of course, it carries more weight right now.
Lauren Kelly: So how do I carry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got to work on it.
Lauren Kelly: Oh, sir, equal weight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to work on it and it doesn't happen overnight, but you've got at least be willing to combat the the negative process through it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you know, by saying, you know, adding the butt to the end of the sentence and bringing in the positive spin to it and then leaving that thought alone do not allow your mind to pick it back up again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period and you know when you find yourself in that insanity. Being able to say stop just stop right now, you know, and putting happy music on or putting a speaker meeting on or or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Power of positivity on, you know, YouTube's wonders thing and putting it on Renee Brown is another really good speaker who has a lot of good things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To teach us about ourselves and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The power of vulnerability is amazing, huh.
Lauren Kelly: Renee Brown. You said the name was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be are any Renee.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Renee Brown and you just look her up on YouTube and start listening to her stuff.
Lauren Kelly: We, how did you say the name was spelled
A
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: B as in Boy Are isn't Robert. He is an Edward and as in Nancy, and it is an Edward
Lauren Kelly: Brittany Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Brown.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I want you to listen to, to the power of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vulnerability
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ted Talk is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So listen, my next person is already sitting in my waiting room.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, sorry. That's okay. So I want you to to hone in on those types of things you need to start feeding your brain some positive stuff some self.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Soothing stuff. And even though you have the thoughts. Oh, that's not true. That doesn't contain to me know that that is dysfunctional thinking that you're trying to change.
Lauren Kelly: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you start there.
Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, thank you so much for listening and everything and I really appreciate it. Thanks for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listening. We'll get that mind of yours into shape, but it's just going to take time. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had you didn't become this way, you know, overnight, and it's going to take a long, you know, longer than three months to be able to get in a pattern of acceptance and so just know that
Lauren Kelly: Before the negative ones, or at least outweigh the negative ones. That's good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gonna be a process. So just know that you're in the process of changing and give yourself permission to be okay in the moment, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and I just don't want to be destructive to my relationship because I can't just let myself be freaking happy you know that's that's what I don't want to do and that's what I want to do everything I can to stop from happening, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, we've got to stop this that's
Lauren Kelly: Okay, I'll work on it and I'll see. I'll watch that thing today and yeah
Lauren Kelly: Hey, appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And no problem. And I would be curious about your experience and opinion on it when you after you read it. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Definitely, definitely. We'll talk we'll talk about next week, but thank you. Have a good week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will talk to you later.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you so much. Bye bye.